Congressman, thank you for taking a few
minutes.
Um
with precious hours to go, what what is
your sense of the state of the race?
Well, we've got the momentum on the
ground. If the ground game is worth
anything, it's
uh it's ours.
Uh our opponent canceled events on
Saturday cuz he didn't have enough
people to show up, and we've had uh
dozens of people at every stop, even in
small towns like this,
uh
that have only 1,000 people in them.
There have been more than $32 million
spent on a primary Yeah.
>> in this congressional district, which is
now the most expensive House primary
ever
in the United States.
Is it worth it?
Uh
>> [clears throat]
>> you'd have to ask Miriam Adelson on uh
May 20th if it was worth it, because,
you know, they tried to buy my vote for
14 years, and it was never for sale.
They tried Now they're trying to buy a
seat here in Kentucky. I think they
underestimated the reserve price of my
constituents. They waded into this. They
thought they could buy the seat with a
couple million. That didn't work, and
now they're throwing good money after
bad. The thing that surprised me is how
much money we've been able to raise. I
don't have three billionaires uh who
want to just throw their money away.
I've got the grassroots, tens of
thousands of donations. Average donation
for me is about 80 bucks, and we've been
able to go toe-to-toe. A lot of that 32
million is coming from our side, but
it's coming from regular working
Americans.
>> When you say they, that they spent money
to try to buy the See, who are you
talking about specifically?
>> I'm talking about the Israeli lobby,
AIPAC, Republican Jewish Coalition,
Miriam Adelson, Paul Singer, and John
Paulson. These are the groups that have
given 95% of the money to my opponent uh
because they're mad at me over foreign
policy. Now, what's interesting is my
policy has always been I don't No
country is special, and no country
deserves my constituents' taxpayer
dollars. So, I have never voted for
foreign aid to Egypt, to Syria, to
Israel, or to Ukraine. But, the ones in
Israel, since they're the biggest
recipients of it, that makes them a
little bit mad. What's so wrong about
helping defend Israel from Iranian
threats?
We've got debt. I mean, at least with
NATO, there's the promise of a
reciprocal arrangement. With Israel,
it's completely one way. And they drug
us into wars, they've convinced us that
Iran is just days away from a nuclear
weapon, and they're perpetually that
way. This is not our war. Israel, for
instance, funds abortions publicly. I
think a lot of Republicans would be
aghast to know that we're giving $3.8
billion a year, every year, to a country
that funds public abortions.
The president earlier today called you
an obstructionist and a fool.
What's your response? Well, he knows I'm
not a fool. He calls me a sharp cookie
when we talk privately. He brags on his
uncle who taught at MIT 41 years, cuz he
knows I went to MIT and got two degrees.
So, he knows I'm not a fool. He knows
I'm tough, too. He calls me a tough
cookie when we talk on the phone, cuz he
knows I don't crumble. He knows when I
take a position, I stand on that
position, and he knows I'm tough to
beat. He's He's tweeted probably what,
eight or 10 times in the last 72 hours.
He's literally losing sleep over this
race, cuz he's in with both feet, and I
think their polling shows what our
polling shows, which is there's a better
than half chance that we're going to win
this race.
When was the last time you spoke with
him by phone?
Um I talked to him last summer.
So, it's been a while. It's been a
while. Okay. And since then, you've been
a leading proponent of changes in how
the Justice Department handles the
Epstein files. And then, of course,
you've become a pretty vocal critic of
the war with Iran.
So, the two things that really set him
off or that he's most sensitive to,
you've been one of his lead critics.
Well, you know, that's how you drain the
swamp. You bring transparency. And I did
lead the fight to get the Epstein Files
Transparency Act passed. It eventually
passed 427 to 1 in the House and 100 to
nothing in the in the Senate. And then
the president signed it. He could have
vetoed it, but he decided to sign my
signature legislation. And it's since
resulted in the prince losing his title,
the British ambassador to the United
States has been arrested, former prime
ministers, and the CEO of the World
Economic Forum have all been taken out
by the Epstein Files. They're trying to
avoid
any kind of accountability in the United
States. They know if I stick with this,
eventually some of our miscreants,
perverts, and co-conspirators are going
to go to jail. In 2026, given that this
is a GOP primary, in 2026, what does it
mean to be a Republican?
You know, that's what this race is
about. What does it mean to be a
Republican? I vote with the Republican
90% of the time with the Republican
Party in DC. And the other 10% of the
cases, I'm upholding the principles,
whether it's DOJ, whether it's Maha,
whether it's transparency, whether it's
warrants for spying on Americans. That's
the 10% where I disagree with our party.
And the problem there is the Republican
Party in Washington DC is voting against
Republicans back here in Kentucky in
that 10% of the cases. Well, that's what
I was going to ask you is, you know, a
Republican in Washington or the national
Republican
reputation.
Does it align with the reputation of a
Republican from the 4th Congressional
District of Kentucky? 90% of the time it
does, and that's why I vote with the
party 90% of the time. But look, I got
to give Trump credit for forming a
coalition that expanded the Republican
tent. It got moms who care about what
their kids eat to vote Republican. It
got uh you know, independents who don't
want to be spied on by the government to
vote Republican.
Um it got people who wanted to
cut the budget, you know, the DOJ
contingency. He built this tent. He grew
this tent, and now he's trying to shrink
it constituency by constituency. And
that could be expensive this November if
we lose the majorities. What's the debt
up to here right now?
>> The debt is roughly $39 trillion.
Uh
Um and
I'm glad you asked because we've added,
when I say we, I mean Republicans in the
House, the Senate, and the White House,
$2.7 trillion to this debt in the 16
months that we've been in control. I
said this would happen with the big
beautiful bill. If you're going to
increase the debt, there's no free ride.
And what I see here in Kentucky is
retirees who are on a fixed income, not
just a fixed income, but fixed savings.
They're watching their savings dwindle
because the price of everything is
getting so high. And they're losing to
inflation. I said this would happen. And
that's why I don't take these votes that
are going to cause more inflation and
pain on our seniors and young families
who are just trying to buy a house.
>> Based on results we've seen recently in
Indiana with state senators and
Louisiana with Senator Cassidy, other
races in the past, it seems that being a
Republican in this day and age requires
loyalty to President Trump.
Well, I don't draw too much from those
races. First of all, Senator Cassidy
also alienated some of the
constituencies, whether it was for
cutting spending or whether it was for
Maha, but he voted to impeach Trump. I
have never done that. I've never even
said an unkind word about President
Trump. And then you have these state
senators in Indiana. They They sure
enough crossed Trump, but they made the
mistake of crossing their constituents.
Their voters wanted them to redraw those
lines. So, they went against their
voters. The difference here is I'm going
for my voters in the minor instances
where it conflicts with Trump. And
that's what's got Washington D.C. mad.
Uh But I'm going to win. Look, I had
three congressmen campaign with me on on
Saturday. And that's what you see in
this race that you didn't see in Bob
Good's race in Virginia. You had members
of Congress go to Virginia and campaign
against him. You can't find any members
of Congress willing to do that in
Kentucky.
>> What do you make of the Defense
Secretary, a cabinet secretary that
doesn't normally campaign for any member
of either party, showing up today? He
says on his personal time
to campaign against a sitting
congressman.
>> How much personal time do you have when
you're supposed to be monitoring a war
in Iran? I think it shows how serious
uh
this race is, but it also shows how in
trouble the other side is. You don't
send the Secretary of War to Kentucky
during a war if you think your candidate
is up 10 points. That's what you do when
you realize your whole campaign is
imploding.
If you lose,
is it because of the pressure from the
president?
I normally win 80 to 20. If the
president had merely endorsed a warm
body,
that's his affectionate term for my
opponent, a warm body from central
casting,
I would have won 60-40. The difference
in this race, what people need to watch,
is it's a referendum on
whether the Israeli lobby can buy a seat
in Congress, and how much they're
willing to spend to try, and in order to
intimidate the entire Republican Party
into having zero dissension on foreign
policy toward Israel. You know that kind
of criticism doesn't sit well with
fellow Republicans, at least in the
House Republican conference.
That there are others who have accused
you of
all sorts of things regarding
uh
Israel, regarding the state of Israel,
regarding Israeli government, regarding
Jewish Americans.
Are you anti-Semitic?
They're trying to tell you that it's
anti-Semitic for me to expose the fact
that the Republican Jewish Coalition has
spent millions of dollars in this race.
That a dual citizen, Miriam Adelson, who
even Trump says is more loyal to Israel
than the United States, has spent
millions of dollars in this race. Those
are mere facts. And it's really
>> say yes or no. Are you anti-Semitic or
not?
>> hell no. I'm hell no anti-Semitic. But
here's the danger that AIPAC runs.
They've been too cute by a half. They've
tried to get Mike Johnson and he's
willingly done this conflate in
resolutions on the House floor that
anti-Zionism equals anti-Semitism. Or
even worse yet that if you don't support
Benjamin Netanyahu's war in Gaza, then
you're anti-Semitic. That's absolutely
false and it does Jewish Americans a big
disfavor to equate the two.
So ultimately you think it's money from
pro-Israel or Israel aligned groups or
powerful influential Israeli Americans
that's causing more disruption in terms
of the spending and the messaging in
this race than the president? Yeah, I
think what would have been a 60/40 race
is now a 50/50 race because of the
spending from AIPAC, RJC, and Miriam
Adelson. You can look at it. This is
This part of it's not an opinion. 95% of
my opponent's money comes from the
Israeli lobby. All right. Congressman,
thank you. If you prevail,
we'll talk again at some point either
out here or back in Washington. Okay.
Sounds good.
>> Thanks again. And if I don't, you don't
need to talk to me ever again.
>> [laughter]